are you recording yeah recording hello
everyone I'm glad to be here with
everyone on on this discussion so first
off if you haven't filled your name
please do it in the in the notes and
also I need the volunteer to take notes
if possible do does anyone think wanna
take the lead on the notes I can take
note thank you Jim
alright so regarding these discussion by
the way the title is wrong by the way I
will fix it so today we're gonna discuss
identity profile so let me try to
explain why this is important so if
you're the if you agree the the RNC the
identity profile contains your personal
details as well as your social groups
and in the future it might contain other
things right but for now it's just your
personal details and your social truths
so essentially those two things are
created by you and signed by you and we
don't need any third party in order to
create those those details in those
roots but later on as I said we can have
third party integrations or
verifications as well but the thing is
that this profile and there's some
discussion around the community about
the privacy concerns around the 90
profile and the security of Twitter as
well because you know vanity file and
the way you expose your claims your
credentials you know every file
conditions at least by the spec so
should be should follow the principle of
minimum minimum disclosure band faults
but what it means is that the user
decides what to exposed to the third
party and eating in control of that
and never never less there are scenarios
where public identity profiles will be
very nice to have vote for the app
developers as well as well as just to
develop certain features such as search
engines and about you know searching for
people run you or your friends of your
friends and so on and that will be
really nice features to have on on that
so the first topic of discussion is is
about this and I have three different
approaches to these problems there are
there are they aren't exclusive so they
can be implemented at the same time or
be present as an option for the end user
so the first one is to like to obey the
principle of meaning disclosure
so whenever the app asks details about a
user and if you know you ports for
instance and you if you tried it they
follow this principle so specially the
the DA asks the user to authenticate and
the user says okay I want to indicate
but I only want to give my name and my
age or my birthday and my vocation they
are in control to what they want to
expose in the end they they might want
to say I'm want to be fully anonymous
and that's an option as well this is the
first option but this creates an issue
because that information that you just
gave to the duck might became become
stale as time passes on because you
change your your name even like they say
that you get married and your last name
changes for it for instance or your
location changes your email changes any
any information that you have about you
might change and because the duck only
saw the information at the time that the
user gave optimisation and that
information becomes stale or when time
passes and these leads to the second
approach which is as
to the first one so that et profile is
best when I dedicate indicating
alongside a token and buy a token it can
be can be a public/private key it can be
anything really and so the user gives a
token that can be used to retrieve the
same information whenever necessary
all right does it make sense so far and
then we have the third option and the
third option is is really not is a
combination of everything because you
can have the two approaches they are not
non-exclusive so the third option is to
have a public profile
so essentially imagine whenever you
create your identity you put your name
and your photo or avatar whatever and
you might say all right this information
is part of my public profile this is
public there is a deterministic way to
fetch the profile of a given B ID so the
user is still in control because the
user decides what is part of the public
profile in the end user might decide
that no information is public or he
selects a few a few of those fields and
dubs can link any identity profile like
imagine instead of having the the
profile replicated in data structures
they could have simply have a pointer to
the profile and the profile is lazy
fetched as soon as the information is
necessary and the these also enables us
to do some kind of public search or
federated search of users like
identities and also the private
information still remains and secure
either by the solution 1 or 2 because
the the the fields that you want to be
private are secure and you only disclose
them
whenever that needs it if needed it and
you authorize that axis basically so
this is what I came up with and I wanted
to you know get feedback about things
and what it
about all these topics does anyone know
to express your husband I think it might
be useful to sort of break down like for
decentralized apps in particular which
are different than you know what people
are used to like
but I don't know maybe we need some use
cases to really sort of example use
cases to say where these are needed
because I think in in some cases like
with it like a really true decentralized
app like I'm thinking like say like a
wiki or something when I'm sharing my
identity I'm sharing it with an app
which is running on my computer that I
completely control in the app itself is
not is actually trustworthy
it's just what does the app do with
information I'm sharing with it when it
builds so like if I'm do if I if my app
is a shopping list for myself it
probably doesn't really need my identity
like it might I might log into it so I
can synchronize all my devices right but
like it doesn't need to know my name it
just I just just me it probably needs
only into in the Chicago processes yeah
but for like a chat app you know or a
clone
obviously identity is a very strong we
want to you know strong identities that
say somebody can't impersonate somebody
else so that's sort of like the other
extreme of it then I think there's a lot
of like sort of use cases in between
yeah I think we have three different use
cases I mean we have more but I think we
have three different use cases that most
are similar to these so we have one that
that is completely personal there's no
public information whatsoever it's just
me using that and these guys here is for
instance you are using as you said
ecommerce website and you want to
authenticate it in order to you know
have a cart and add products and and
once you're done you do the second
process and doing it the process you
need to have more information about you
let's see this case but there's no
public information whatsoever in those
in that scenario so this is one scenario
the second one is something similar to
zoom or Google Google Docs
for instance where there's people
collaborating documents but the document
is like privates in the sense that only
the collaborators reading the documents
know each other and I mean you don't
really need to deal with a date soft
identity profile at least in my
perspective and then we have the end of
the line scenario which is a completely
public application such as this
classified for instance so it specifies
is that application that you have
comments and it's very similar to
Facebook comments and or whatnot and
essentially everything that is that you
put there is public there's no
encryption and everyone even guests
guest users can see what you watch you
comment on coming to comment application
and and this is where like the issue
comes along because if the user asks
like authenticates to the to the duck
and provides information such as its
name and it's also post and so on how
can the duck a deal with the plates of
those information if if the heart that
up once because the documents might want
to be stagnant in terms of the name and
avatar that appears in the comment but
for instance Twitter if you change your
avatar it change in every tweet
basically even the tweets that you made
five years ago or ten years ago so
that's why the public profile or at
least the second solution of having a
real token that can be used to fetch the
data formation and the people could have
workable token basically means that the
user might revoke that up and once see
if he books it up the doc can no longer
fetch the up to date information I have
some thoughts about about this quickly
so I think the you
port has a good is a good example of
self sovereign identity where it asks
you like Oh wealth capabilities or
authorization yeah he asks you what they
want to share certain parts of you of
your profile with with do that and with
that we mean particularly we mean other
users right where there is no central
authority right now so I think it's a
good a good principle that that user has
to give authorization for to share
certain parts of their credentials or
certain credentials sorry
I think regarding the this profile
problem I think like I've come up with
like three different vectors that we
could analyze separately
so first is privacy so whether the
profile is going to be is going to be
how much is it so is it going to be
private between peers it's going to be
public this is going not to be disclosed
at all is it going to be just shared
with with the group and again I think
this falls into a specific criteria
right so for instance in in social app
you may want to be public the product
the profile may be public so publicly
fetched so you may have to be careful
with what you just close and you know
profile and you have to give where in
the interface of that you're disclosing
some information for the that that is
not encrypted in any way the public can
can access or that is grouped private
you are in a chat app a group chat at
like what's up that could be the case
that you're you're exposing your profile
to this to this group so it's going to
be group private sometime to be public
to everyone but whatever you disclose is
going to be visible to this group of
people and the the third mode is p2p
private so it's this is this this
profile is going on to only to be
visible to this other peer whoever that
that is that that will be the throw
three modes of privacy of the profile
the other aspect of audited profile the
second would be synchronization of the
profile right so whether you want to
synchronize the profile with other being
other devices or even other peers so
peers may - or push your profile or
updates on your profile and you want may
may want to give them that that
capability of getting the latest
information on your profile so for
instance changes on email address or
changes on your profile taken from your
your your physical address those those
changes will fall into this this problem
category of synchronization of the other
profile the third one I think would be
discovering or indexing well I mean I
also discovery and I think you have like
different screws like you have the
traditional social network public
profile global index aspect where
everyone has a public profile that is
indexable you can search like you can
build your graph by searching in this
index or try to build a graph by
searching in this index which is a huge
index of public huge index somehow it
this happens or the scuttlebutt way the
fusion one way where you you are
introduced to somewhere else and you
have to ask for permission to - to be
able to even see who the other person is
so there's there's a mutual mutual
authentication that's happening and then
there is so and inside it's not a public
profile there is no global index it's
just peer exchanges exciting identifiers
or tokens if you will those would be III
I don't know answers to this I think it
all depends on on on which use cases you
want to address first but I out
categorizing and those three
three main dimensions so privacy
synchronization and discovery also let
me just say one thing about the the you
force what what apart does is not really
a lot because a lot of kids you are
token that you can use to to fetch the
information they are more similar to the
first approach where you disclose one
time and that information is tale become
style you can't really fetch the to date
information without requesting the user
again to authenticate talk about right
well what I'm saying it was similar to
off in a sense that duo of you are aware
of what capability providing to the to
the application in your behalf yeah that
approach is is like is common to the
first ones and even the third one one
when the application requests on some
few that is not part of your public
profile and imagine the out education
screen might contain that information as
well and you might want or not increases
into this one thing degree five or
initial surveys have these bruising
prison presentations I think that's the
only thing which is basically whenever
you want to present your credentials and
you can present a set of credentials and
also you might want to say I don't use
these fields or those credentials
publicly like this you should be
treating these carefully and privately
of course this is just recycling like
saying be careful but you know in the
spec they make warnings about hey even
if you say to be careful the doc might
make their own information public and
disseminating the internet and so on
like this is like gdpr for verifiable
credentials this is saying like like if
you provide the bank with the proof that
you know address proof you're saying to
the bank okay use this for your own
benefit for instance do not disclose
this to anyone else
exactly okay make sense we should make
sensing and it's nice in if you want to
take take that feature of the
credentials spec into our one system
because we weren't going to use the five
digits yeah so yeah basically there are
as you said a few use cases and
particles that we need to explore I'm
I'm more leaning more in to be
simplistic as the first approach I know
that it does some problems but at least
we will have something working which is
the you know the more private one the
more like principle of meaning disposal
one where you disclose one time only and
whenever that app needs receives up to
the information is when the user
authenticates again we should know as
its problem but at least we have
something in it and I think we'll need
these as the baseline of authentication
and and related one we might we might
explore other solutions such as that the
tokens one or even the public profile to
solve all their other scenarios just one
one question there's something that is
not very clear to me at least is so
there is disclosure like you can provide
a verifiable credential to your
application so your dad has your verify
look at the credential now which is
something that it holds in oh it's a sum
in plain text that within memory may be
stored encrypted but but it's it's
health so with then what it does when
other peers come in and how it uses that
may also vary like like you like you for
instance I'm seeing the case where that
may encrypt with a one with a session
key to which one of the tears the point
of a fellow credential encrypted with
just a session key 212 the peers and not
disclose it disclose it publicly
or just use group Group group encryption
- well those are very very nuanced
differences but they have a huge impact
on on on how private and how secure hope
all depends on your use cases after that
for instance the IDL's
a scenario where I imagine that you have
a private document on Google Docs and
you put a link here on assume for
everyone to cooperate what what they
will see will be like okay you are not
you don't have permission to access this
document request access and once you hit
the request access
you are basically encrypting your
privates credentials your credential
that want to disclose about yourself at
your name and your supports to some key
like a shared key as you said for
instance or even the owner of the
document if only donor might accept a
new new people it will be better to go
to that owner so yeah it really depends
on the use case of the doubt as you said
it's okay and let me just introduce some
things which is kind of related to this
and which kind of goes into the second
topic but is somewhat related because we
put like a I think identity profiles
that can be consulted at any time and
replicated among brothers and I like
like say that I have bid rose public
profile and and whenever Pedro changes
it I might also want to take my my copy
of Pedro's credentials this goes
somewhat in line with the concept of
identity have I don't know if you're
familiar with that but essentially
identity have is a spec that was born in
reboot 12 trust which was a proposal
made by some members of the distillation
I think you more possible to Microsoft
employees that made the proposal and
it's going forward and I think
they are willing with aspect and also
reference implementation of outfits but
especially imagine that any identity
might have an identity have hosted in
its home or even in in some cloud
provider and what it does is that it
only facilitates storage and and
facilitates relaying of messages all
right and everything is encrypted like
even if it's Austin on another or not
everything is encrypted and only the
identity can unlock what's what's in
there so what this means for what does
it mean for identi profile for instance
you might you might have and by the way
this also hands computation so it's not
only storage all right it has an API
that you can use to interact with the
data so imagine for instance the second
scenario where I say that identity
profile is best when authenticated
alongside that revocable token this is
actually a similar feature of identity
where adapt is given authorization to
access the identity public information
sorry I native information private
information if it presents a valid token
and the user identity might revoke that
token and whenever they they want of
course this is something complex to
implement in terms of that entity have
is very complex in terms of implementing
the foods back and so on that's why I
said said that I think it's better for
the spec to to be more mature and even
have some more physical notation ready
and let it on like I'd say six months we
might have an identity have already
implemented and we we as I profess
contributors can implement an identity
have ways on ipfs technologists rightly
I'd say that I implemented full spec
using IP FS as a storage layer and even
the their networking as the the
protocols and superstition and so on
because they are they are agnostic in
terms of transports
they're they're worthless
fermentation will be HTTP but it's not
tired to HTTP you can use what everyone
so that's why I'm more inclined to wait
and see what they come up with and if
it's something that we might adopt later
on and it's better instead of doing our
own solution and perhaps it'll be
incomplete and and it will be more
complex and I'm more leaning into
intermittent just a basic similar to
your port approach where you just
disclose your your stuff and there's no
synchronization in terms of public
information and data for me there's
nothing special there it's not and of
course is people but if this is the base
life nevertheless we still need to
approach replication because we have
several devices in our in our possession
so you have your laptop your girl your
desktop your phone and so on so you
might have different IDMS VM instances
running on those devices so you need a
way you still need a way it is privately
and encrypted to share or to replicate
all those credentials amongst your
devices so let's say that I just bought
a new computer now install IDM and
import my identity that I have in a
mobile phone I should be seeing my name
in my avatar and my social groups in the
new device as well completely
synchronized among devices so this is
the second discussion that that it's
there so basically how can we do that
because there's no spec for this yes
each project implements these kind of
things in their in their own functions
you port I know that your port uses IP
FS to store your profile and so on but
it's not clear how they replicate things
I think they have something in the smart
contract or something like that to
retrieve the C IDs or something like
that of your profile let's
the way they synchronize and probably
they listen to events on the on the
smartphone job to know that the
information was a tight budget but it's
not cool because you know that that part
is not public really they implement
their their own solution blocks tech is
similar they have their own solutions
regarding this and there's no spec for
this all right
I think identity hub is trying to solve
this in an open way that is very early
for them and for house without that and
still Gary they are they're having baby
steps it's good the last time that I
heard about or the first time that I
heard about
Aditya which was in like one month
before you listen to eyes were summit
which I can kick for one one year ago
right there or something like that
not maybe nine months something it was
August first or second direct so yeah I
heard about anything
two or three months before so I think
nine months already passed and I didn't
see any real evolution on the project
that's what's why I'm I'm keeping a
certain distance to see what what they
come up with says of going full force in
terms of adopting identity herbs but I
think they resolve the replication as
well because they have those information
storage yeah so whenever any device
connects to that entity it has
permission to access that is to have
storage so it can retrieve identity
details so they resolve the problem that
way we we as an eidm I think we must
resolve this somehow
so either we use stuff that we already
have such as clear base or are we to be
to solve this but I want to people to
give their opinion about this seems to
me like they're like the actual identity
ignoring like everything that is wrapped
in is basically a static document like
like okay it can essentially be a file
an IP FS
but then it you need the ability to
update it so I pns perhaps or you know
peer base has quick quicker application
you know but there's there's even like
in I come from them from the dot side of
things and people are working on and
sort of doing I don't know and it is
identity profiles there which in that
case everybody would just do and just
chase on inside a dot archive right so
it's the same sort of thing it's like
you got a little identifier it's
essentially equivalent I pianist I
wonder can we just do like sort of like
a multi-format sort of switcher type of
thing so it's like you know here I mean
the D ID itself has this or the concept
alright so yeah doesn't have the concept
of meta information around around
identity just just has the ideas and the
cryptographic material to interact with
that so from the outside from the Dubs
all inside what did that will receive
from the the user wants to user
authenticates imagine that is something
like schema.org person json documents
alongside some as array or set of
verifiable credentials saying hey these
are your social proof sand is your
social code center got Twitter Facebook
and so on this is my credited profile
and this is not formalized yet in terms
of the the fully schema that it would be
but if imagine that will be a pack of
schema a person entity and a set of
credentials yeah and what are what we
are discussing here is how can the
different devices that connect to that
user IDM with the same identity how can
we share these are able to profile among
devices that are that belong to the
identity and as you as you said we can
use I penis and infest
we have to deal with multi writer
scenarios that's that's why I said we
could use peer guys some kind of CRT to
solve I think you and Jim are are
correct in a sense that you could yet
the so the verbal credentials could each
be it's on the document right each one
of the the very fabric potentials and
then there is your profile right and
that's your daddy profile you could have
multiple identities right in your device
so this this kind of multiplies by your
your each one of your identities but
let's just think of one identity so it's
a profile and a set of verifiable
credentials at least right but you could
tie this up into a document and you
never have a CID that you can use a
penis and a penis doesn't need to be
slow as you can use a penis for pops up
so it could be something that lets you
store on a penis and which could be
replicated into and identity hub for
persistence so if you later want to
retrieve it with another device you get
you get that cleaners update if it's not
up to date you fetch it and synchronize
that's the simplest approach right that
I can can think of that uses his IP at
first and all the defense infrastructure
then you could use like a very simple
identity hub would be implementation
just use a pinning cluster or something
like that to pin the soup in your your
current schedule for for for this so
you'd have like a penis and then and
then pinned that's a simple approach
right but it has similar problems to the
ones that we ID if you remember mm-hmm
so if you have any device and you have a
concurrent scenario basically you
overwrite each other or have a higher
chance of overwriting each other and
this is the same thing it has a much
better problem and I'm not saying that
we don't might might not
want to use ffs probably want to use at
the fest start actual data but we must
solve the concurrency on top I think we
must one one so this this this file are
going to be private right
by default so I don't see very fast it
it's better to have to be encrypted
so I don't see why you don't you don't
itself saving them as text documents
why don't you encode them in in charity
and then you can use the same device
that we came up with for their IP ID
which is like have the current for
instance let's basic about the profile
right you have the profile document and
then you have a new update from the
remotes but those could be concurrent
right so you do it you do a merge on
those and then you write the the new
version eventually you will get the
latest written ability help could also
have your your keys and then I didn't
have would even do that itself they
needed to have risen tab this only
because it's very similar to using
another base so you have to have
connection so identity oh and the
changes are solved by using atomic e
like imagine like the user of course
there are also it might also have
conflict if the operations are not going
over and it might have some right yeah
yeah yeah it's the typical loss fighter
wins for for HTTP but I mean we don't
have to implement that they have as a
father it's very complicated to
implement it's at his face now if you if
you saw the breakdown we have so many
things to implement just to have a basic
authentication and signing features with
five seconds and so on that if you if we
go into that until you have and also
implemented
we'll be another like huge project for
for us it has a lot of features like
collection search yeah I think I think
could be a good idea to explore using
the same schema for for persistence and
conflict conflict resolution that we're
going to use an ID ID yeah I think it
would make like we solve that one way
because we use the same solution on this
one as well okay because it's the same
problem accessing peppiness multi writer
problem all right
there's also another project that I've
mentioned here we see which is three box
and I oh it's from the guys I think it
was some kind of fork from your port I
don't really know what happened there
but essentially it's the concept of
having social profiles
so imagine public profiles on the IDs
but only by zone if you which is kind of
strange and I mean why why only Tyrion
it's really pretty strict but what they
are trying to do here is it's basically
spreading a social profile public social
profile that can be used by dubs to get
information about someone and present
them present that and they also they
have a sign-in feature and logout
feature which is pretty similar to ideas
in terms of one of the feature that we
want to so we are kind of similar to
what they are doing but they are more
for they have a more focus on on super
fast right yeah I have not yet tried it
I think they are where they have yeah I
think we can already install it but we
need to acquire meta mass but at least
we in my tried it anyway so basically
the outcome some of these topic was to
use the same solution has the IP ID one
so use some sort of CRT and we can
compose the final documents and based on
the salty merging
and store that as well on on ad FS for
consistency by the way we need some some
sort of meaning for this thing at least
a public infrastructure a small public
infrastructure went we until we solve
that in a more decentralized way I guess
so
having some sort of final coin or
something that's intuitive here so that
we could leverage leverage and miners to
store the that information for us yeah
if you sacrifice I could use a public a
public opinion cluster to store to store
that could be small very small file
right yeah they are like the di D and
document is very small unless you have
like tons of devices which will be very
small and that means its profile itself
it will it will be larger but it will be
like I would say 30 kilobytes maximum
because identity have if I remember
correctly it was also the goal to store
your private data
like remember you remember the thing
about personal data per application like
local storage per application they have
that concept and also they have shared
data so imagine you have collections and
you can say ok ok my music collection
can be shared by these da from data and
data and basically similarly when you
say that you essentially give different
tokens to those types and the docs can
use those tokens to be trees information
and whenever you want to revoke that
access you can exist similar to Tim
berners-lee yeah yeah yeah go dancing
third Dirk's trying to say something I'm
just cloud
[Laughter]
I was also going to interrupt and say
dirt needs to talk so you guys are
talking a little bit about IP ID and I'm
getting a little bit lost in my acronyms
what was what was the solution and you
were talking about that I clearly
remember IP ID is the ID methods based
on FS and I Venice and ideology that
also have that problem of multi writer
scenario yes so one thing I was thinking
is I wonder if we have to worry too much
about the mouse you write a scenario
right now because it might just be a UI
thing where you know you tell the user
whether the update has been saved and
until that update is saved you know you
just kind of educate them to know that
whenever they save it it's going to
overwrite what they've done somewhere
else it's probably in practice you're
not going to change your email address
too often or you know I doubt that these
are going to be super frequent updates
unless there's something like a status
update
you're right let me just ask you
something if is it possible and by you I
mean everyone aware of FS my penis is it
possible to know if I asked for the
resolution of the Nepean s entry like
give me these a penis entry is it
possible that the response is like okay
there's no entry because I'm in a
network where I have like five to ten
years like it sounds very local and
there's that but is there's actually an
entry on the public IP FS is it possible
for this happen because if it is then we
can't really warn the user about that
scenario I mean you can warn I mean what
they're saying is like you can warn them
that of concurrent updates
not on record ended but that if they
they they do frequent changes on
different devices for the public profile
parts of this they could be over writing
other things right that's what you were
referring to right yeah but I see what
that that's always saying that you can't
tell if you're connected to like our IP
in it locally or the sort of global you
know you don't know there's been a
network partition basically yeah a P&S
is the thing that more time you you wait
for something or more time you listen
more less probability there is of a
current update and but you're you're
never absolutely sure that there is no
concurrent concurrent doublet it's a bit
like like like like steady piece so you
could do I think that the ID multi write
a scenario while it's more not so
frequent but if it if this happened it's
very bad for the using experience
because that device that was nice and
was usable because it was part of the
daily of any documents the next day it
isn't and you must saw you might you
must feeling the Pataki again and so on
while the second list what we discussed
here like having your name and so what's
be overridden he's not so bad as you
might change it so I want to talk about
like low-hanging fruit which is like
what's the easiest thing to do that
would sort of unlock the maximum number
of apps and the problem is like you know
like identity is infinitely like deep
it's a frogs a bunch of yeah it's a
fractal
you know like are we gonna like you know
improve Facebook or whatever like I
don't think that's where we should start
like I think if you look at some like
peer base what does peer base need
like right now it doesn't people have
the ability to change their name with
the change their peer ID and put little
name in there but nobody even knows that
exists but I think if people can just
show up like internal in the company and
it's sort of more than group private use
case if they could just have their name
and an avatar would be awesome so and
don't worry about people impersonating
each other obviously we want to figure
that out but you know like you would
just unlock if you could just sort of
click a button your name and your
avatars in there you probably don't ever
need to update your name but you
probably want update your avatar quite
frequent more frequently so like I think
if we can think about like that use case
and then think about like how do you
layer on more and more use cases on to
it so like I think like that that use
case is actually fairly easy first
implement with ipfs like like you have a
high P NS document you know it's just
your image as a JPEG your name is just a
little piece of text you can update it
you probably don't update it very odd
car like that's your profile you know
now it's like how does that arrive there
and how does that get updated so sort
like we have most of the pieces there
but then it's like how does how do I get
that into peer pad I think that that
balls done to like bei scimitar third
person like there's 10,000 attributes
that you can give it to a person but
like like choose one or two and and and
just use they need to be and then and
then no verifiable credentials could be
like a good a good like version zero
thing with no verifiable potential just
just the name and and and the avatar I
mean it could work or some some
applications
but you know for the simplicity of that
and that's an excellent idea
I mean just adding a public key and a
signature as well would take us a lot
further more pieces of information yeah
and then I think like for like in
thinking like internally for a PR staff
like if you could the first step would
be like a verifiable claim like are you
what's your github are you really that
github user because then you could use
that for ACL type things if you want to
have a private conversation or as David
was was suggesting you couldn't like you
know off man's side channel you could
ask them for the public key and yeah
that's that against I mean look at me
the emoji encoding the the public key
and you can just just want to see if the
emoji matches the emoji that they sent
you you through any slack channel for
instance yeah and see if it matches and
then you have authenticated the user
just using a very simple verifiable
credential which is based off your and I
would say ipfs pure ID or something yeah
but then we're still gonna want to have
the IDM in there somehow so like what
does this what does the simplest IDM
look like but this this would be one
verifiable credential right David this
is correct if you should just put your
name on it will be two credentials
basically and if we solve that in terms
of visually visual experience in actual
actual schema it we might later on add
and other fields and I think that is
essential for us to have something to
trust on because verifiable credentials
can be verified right it can be check
the sign shows and you can check if the
probability that matched the sign sure
is part of your Eid covenant that's
that's the real benefit of having the D
ID and the IBM's is that sorry something
for the username
and avatar is a revival credential it's
not just part of the profile because the
only way I can verify that is if if I
have a verifiable credential like a
social one like the ones that David is
using right yes
I mean the only benefit is that that's
because you sign it it's I can actually
verify if the name that you said you
have it was signed by you and by you I
mean a key that was with your within
your da da
it's very powerful okay okay but still
still it's a human verification right
okay that's right and then then you have
like the social credentials which are
more complete because you can actually
see if what you said about yourself and
I mean the idea that you said you were
and your name is actually associated
with the profile that you already follow
and you know that the Pedro is a GT ITA
in in in Twitter that's another level of
trust and it's okay you know what she
said about you know that public so the
the credentials and so on but be simple
I I want really to be simple that's why
I'm cutting off their motivation and
stuff like that and I think having local
credentials I mean walk out on the EDM
and replicated among devices is the
basic stuff that you must have and
that's received those credentials
whenever they authenticate that's the
basic stuff that's what for instance
importers reports signs those
credentials the GWT and and so on and
that's the most basic stuff that that we
must must have and we'll have for adapts
to have an avatar in the name within a
set up or work whatnot and regarding the
brute location and stop someone will
like simplify that for the top side but
for the device side I think we should
use the same solution for for a PID
because it's a reusable solution if you
can make a package for that it's pretty
insightful to music yes and I will go
for FedEx personally and and later on of
course we can explore the identity ads
and records I think we are approaching
the end of the meeting do you have any
opinions I'm just you know I'm just
typing in a couple of things like
questions and thoughts as well around
because we were talking about syncing
and I think there's some real
fundamental issues around you know what
what is the identity key and is there a
master key above it I think that was
discussed online and the sort of the the
big discussion that was on I forget
which repo on github so just I'm
thinking about that stuff too you know
like for instance I was going to type
how closely is the you know the IP FS ID
for your node you know just how closely
is that tied to you know your identity
you know I'm assuming you're gonna
you're gonna have multiple nodes and
what controls those keys and the whole
idea of someone stealing your key and/or
device and getting a hold of a private
key and how can you put that key out to
pasture and and also one other idea
concept is just putting you know some
kind of potential little time limit on
your identity you know or on keys inside
your identity so some things okay so
that is it's tied to the D ID leaseback
and so essentially a deity is unique
identifier that that resolves to add in
the ID documents and that the ID
document has multiple
Lucas and they are layered layered kiss
and by layered I mean some keys might
have higher permissions than others it
really depends on the D IDs really
method that you shoes for your identity
for instance the the one based on our
IRC seven to five if I'm not mistaken
has this concept of management keys and
authentication keys and so on especially
a management key has higher access to
the document in terms of editing it you
can basically do anything and while an
authentication one just is there
basically you can't really change the ID
token you just use for authentication
imagine like you have a computer network
that you want to use to authenticate
so you put a litigation key there but
you want don't want to have the the
management key in that computer because
the computer is like shared between your
friends or your colleagues that's work
and so on an IP ID which is the first
year method that will embrace in these
IDM projects by default it doesn't have
player piece it just has a key that
controls your because it's an NS record
so it's just a key that controls all the
ID documents so our approach is in terms
of the user interface to make it obvious
that you must store that keep privately
via paper key for instance and once you
do that the key will be deleted from the
the IDM and once you need to add a new
device or change anything in your daily
document it will be asked for like for a
threshold of of the paper clip keys
words for you to generate the private
key again to change the data point and
again it will be deleted after that
operation but there's another solution
that we will not use you which is a
layered key for a penis for a PID spec
but that will be more complex for for
has implemented his face but that will
do it for now
in terms of that okay thanks that's good
to know that that's what the thinking is
like anymore continues anything about
identity profiles you know one other
thing just to with Jim based on what Jim
said like maybe all of us need to really
just think about the tiniest possible
thing we could build even if it's
throwaway you know yeah I actually I
think it's too late but I I can put in
the notes or perhaps leave a link in the
notes so that you can see in terms of
the user experience and what the IDT
profile really is it's very simple
exactly an avatar and a name and we have
like two or three fields more but is
very simple in terms of the first
approach we don't want to explain much
time in thinking about all the fields
that the schema person has and so on so
it will be very simple for us to
implement a verifiable credential module
that's you know you can create a
credential based on some data and that
data is just those films that we had
there and that's part of your identity
packet or profile and that's basically
and after you you will have the social
3500 credential which are normal which
other potentials but the proof they have
the proof of your identity sorry your
social profile on Twitter and Facebook
but that's something that we do after we
sort out the basic details like the your
name and your avatar once we saw that
will also solve next and the social
parts linking your like posting it
something on Twitter or enlist or
whatnot and and generate a credential
also for that there is the like we first
have to solve the base and then you
should have experience
in your projects IBM yeah yeah cool
awesome thank you sorry I've been I've
been sort of out of the loop for a while
and I'm just getting back in yeah
basically what you did in your in your
project is a verifiable a set of
equations that point to proofs on social
profiles or posts or whatnot and those
are part of your identity profile and
and the coordination itself the data
structure actual hands like a type that
you can choose whatever it goes there
it's not there are recommended types
which we can invent our our own like IDM
Twitter proof or something like that so
that we can recognize that social that
most credentials as social proofs in
terms of the user experience and in the
interface anymore
alright so I think we passed the
schedule so and I think we will close
the session here so yeah and I think in
summary we'll keep it simple go to the
go towards the first solution which is
similar to you port in terms of how the
Dubs received the the profile and so on
and regarding the replication among
devices we'll probably go into the same
solution as as we go as we decided to
die PID methods although those are the
the conclusions alright people thank you
very much and thank you